# Testing util for HW3 Q2
Since this question is a little bit hard to test by just looking at it, to help my peers testing their solution (or better help the instructor team grade our solution), I made these scripts for testing.

## To instructor team
Please let me know this is not appropriate, I will remove them asap.

## Features
- `exhaustTest.py`: This script will test all possible strings with a certain length.
- `test_invalid.py`: This script will go over all strings generated by your CFG and point out the invalid ones. **NOT RECOMMENDED** since it's not comprehensive, but it runs really fast.

## How to use
You need `mentor` to run this script. Please install it following the instructions [here](https://github.com/hardekbc/mentor-release/tree/master)

Unfortunately, it is not on CSIL. So if you don't want to install it or having trouble getting it to work, you can try to use the off-brand CSIL I hosted (yes I just installed it there since it's a great tool for learning CS138). Please see more instruction at the end of the piazza post.

### Exhaustive test
- Download `exhaustTest.py`, put your CFG in to a text file in the same directory called `q2.cfg`
- Run `python3 exhaustTest.py`

### Test invalid strings
- Download `test_invalid.py`, put your CFG in to a text file in the same directory called `q2.cfg`
- Run `mentor q2.cfg gen_words 1000 > gen.out` where 1000 is the number of strings to test, feel free to replace.
- Run `python3 test_invalid.py`


## Limitations
This script is stupid since it calls subprocess. Please feel free to change it. This is my personal work and has no implication of how the official autograder/grading process will be. It might contain errors and bugs, and I am not responsible for any consequences produced by using these scripts.

### GLHF
